[PR-19186] Webhook Payload (#294)
talkable/talkable-docs: source/web_hooks/claim_signup.rst

   <h2>Payload parameters provided</h2>

> The sample payload with parameters for Friend Email Gating Webhook is availablehere: `Friend Email Gating Webhook Payload`_.

Reviewer: Space missing in `availablehere`.
```suggestion
The sample payload with parameters for Friend Email Gating Webhook is available here: `Friend Email Gating Webhook Payload <https://www.talkable.com/api-docs/index.html?urls.primaryName=Webhooks#/Friend%20Email%20Gating%20Webhook/post_yourApiFriendEmailGatingWebhookPath>`_.
```

> .. _Friend Email Gating Webhook Payload: https://www.talkable.com/api-docs/index.html?urls.primaryName=Webhooks#/Friend%20Email%20Gating%20Webhook/post_yourApiFriendEmailGatingWebhookPath
> 
> .. container:: hidden

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. container:: hidden
```
